On-Page SEO Results
Your On-Page SEO could be better
Your page has some level of On-Page SEO optimization but could be improved further. On-Page SEO is important to ensure Search Engines can understand your content appropriately and help it rank for relevant keywords. You should ensure that HTML Tag Content is completed correctly and align text content to target keywords.
Title Tag
You have a Title Tag, but ideally it should be between 50 and 60 characters in length (including spaces).
Aura Learning | Driver Information Guides
Length : 41
Title Tags are very important for search engines to correctly understand and categorize your content.
Meta Description Tag
Your page has a Meta Description of optimal length (between 120 and 160 characters).
Technical repository for hardware specifications, driver-level architectural data, and system documentation for the global technical community.
Length : 143
SERP Snippet Preview
This illustrates how your page may appear in Search Results. Note, this is intended as a guide and Search Engines are more frequently generating this content dynamically.

Aura Learning
https://auralearning.netlify.app
Aura Learning | Driver Information Guides
Technical repository for hardware specifications, driver-level architectural data, and system documentation for the global technical community.
Hreflang Usage
Your page is not making use of Hreflang attributes.
Language
Your page is using the Lang Attribute.
Declared: English
H1 Header Tag Usage
Your page has a H1 Tag.
H2-H6 Header Tag Usage
Your page is making use multiple levels of Header Tags.
Header Tag	Frequency	
H2	12	
H3	55	
H4	3	
H5	0	
H6	0	
Keyword Consistency
Your page's main keywords are not distributed well across the important HTML Tags.
Your page content should be focused around particular keywords you would like to rank for. Ideally these keywords should also be distributed across tags such as the title, meta and header tags.
Individual Keywords
Keyword	Title	Meta Description Tag	Headings Tags	Page Frequency	
driver	
35	
guides	
26	
topics	
26	
device	
17	
basics	
15	
printer	
15	
usb	
15	
drivers	
15	
Phrases
Phrase	Title	Meta Description Tag	Headings Tags	Page Frequency	
driver topics	
11	
guide 5	
6	
min read	
6	
read understanding	
6	
guide 5 min	
6	
min read understanding	
6	
driver guides	
4	
printer usb	
4	
Amount of Content
Your page has a low volume of text content which search engines can interpret as 'thin content'.
Word Count: 834
It has been well researched that higher text content volumes are related to better ranking ability in general.
Image Alt Attributes
You have images on your page that are missing Alt Attributes.

We found 14 images on your page and 1 of them are missing the attribute.
Alt Attributes are an often overlooked and simple way to signal to Search Engines what an image is about, and help it rank in image search results.
Canonical Tag
Your page has more than one Canonical Tag. Each page should only have a single Canonical Tag
The Canonical Tag tells Search Engines the primary URL of a page. URLs can have multiple versions due to things like parameters being passed or www and non-www versions resulting in potential duplicate content. Google recommends all pages specify a Canonical.
https://auralearning.co
https://auralearning.co